a recent, confident gamma correlation tied to a nearby stratigraphic type log. Projected structure should
always be changed to actual apparent dip, based on recorded data.

Extensive testing, as suggested by Oasis, should be done on Upper Bakken and Lower Bakken samples in
the near future. This testing could have prevented Sidetrack #3 along with much of the confusion of the
shale strike terminating Sidetrack #4.

When following steep local dips, it’s best to stop after a substantial amount of TVD has been drilled to
reevaluate the situation and recalculate dip. It’s imperative to catch and follow local structure, keeping
regional structure in mind as well to anticipate any changes.

Finally, no matter how many wells are drilled on a pad, it does not mean that the subject well is going to
follow that same structure. Following calculated structure known to be true with the data available is always
best, as well as using regional dip as a secondary tool. Ignoring current gamma correlations to follow TVD
targets based off control wells can be disastrous over great distances as TVD error compounds with each
survey.

Summary

The Lewis Federal 5300 11-31 4BR is a well in Oasis Petroleum’s horizontal Middle Bakken Member
development program, in McKenzie County, North Dakota. The project was drilled from surface casing to
total depth in 40 days. A total depth of 20,780’ MD was achieved at 20:45 hours on 29 March 2019. The
well-site team worked together to maintain the final sidetrack in the desired target interval for 97% within
target.

Samples in the Middle Bakken Member are predominantly silty sandstone. These samples are light to
medium gray, light brown, and occasionally cream silty sandstone. The silty sandstone is fine to very fine
grained. The middle member typically contains sub round and occasionally sub-angular grains. Samples
are smooth, moderately sorted and poorly cemented by calcite. Rare quantities of disseminated and nodular
pyrite are present as is trace to fair intergranular porosity. Trace to rare light-medium brown, spotty oil stain
was visible in most of these samples. The overall hydrocarbon “cuts”, gas and hydrocarbon shows were
encouraging and indicate an oil and gas rich system in the Middle Bakken Member.

The Oasis Petroleum North America, LLC, Lewis Federal 5300 11-31 4BR awaits completion operations
to determine its ultimate production potential and commercial value.
Respectfully,

Dillon Johnson
Well Site Geologist
Vertical hole to Sidetrack #1

Michelle Baker
Well Site Geosteering Consultant
Sidetrack #2 to Total Depth

Sunburst Consulting, Inc.
01 April 2019

Sal)
SUNBUR: |
CONSULTING

A GEOLOGY SERVICE

