CYCLONE DRILLING, INC. RIG No. 20

CONTINGENCY PLAN

For DRILLING Activities CONDUCTED AT THE
CONTINENTAL RESOURCES, INC. ATLANTA 1-6H
6-153N-101W, WiLtiAMs County, NorTH DAKOTA

4.3

44

45

Flood Warning. A Flood Warning indicates flooding is occurring or will occur soon; if advised to
evacuate, do so immediately, if safe to do so move equipment and portable storage tanks to
higher ground.

Flash Flood Warning. A Flash Flood Warning indicates flash flood is occurring; personnel should
seek higher ground on foot immediately.

Flood Evacuation Plan. In the event the Cyclone Drilling Foreman determines that the facility
must be evacuated due to flooding, they will notify the personnel concerned by verbally
announcing an evacuation or using internal two-way radios. All personnel will be required to
meet at the designated evacuation assembly area.

The Cyclone Drilling Foreman will account for all employees at the work site. In the event any
employees are missing, an immediate report will be made to the Safety Department. Good

judgment must be used in evacuation procedures to avoid placing people in greater danger.

5. PREPAREDNESS AND PREVENTION REQUIREMENTS

Preparedness and prevention is required for all spills and potential flooding. The Cyclone Drilling
Foreman will function as Emergency Coordinator and be responsible for establishing and implementing
the preparedness and prevention measures discussed in the following sections of this Plan.

5.1

5.2

5.3

5.4

Emergency Equipment. Cyclone Rig No. 20 located at the Atlanta 1-6H will be properly
equipped so that Cyclone personnel can immediately respond to an emergency during working
hours utilizing emergency equipment. Typical emergency equipment includes but is not limited
to fire extinguishers, eyewash stations, first-aid stations, and spill response equipment.
Employees will be trained and familiarized with the use and location of all emergency
equipment prior to beginning operations at a work site

Internal Communication. For larger jobs, Cyclone personnel use two-way radios to
communicate between the rig personnel and supervisor. For smaller jobs, verbal
communication is sufficient. During emergency situations, verbal communication and two-way
radios (if available) will be used to provide immediate instructions to emergency response
personnel. These systems are maintained, as necessary, to ensure proper operation during an
emergency.

External Communication. Telephones (available on some larger jobs) and cell phones are used
to notify Continental’s office in the event of an emergency. The office would telephone for
assistance from local emergency response personnel, if necessary. The phones are routinely
used to ensure proper operation.

Inspections. Inspections of oil storage units, containment, and emergency equipment are
conducted routinely to detect malfunctions and deterioration, operator errors, and/or

