CYCLONE DRILLING, INC. RIG No. 20

CONTINGENCY PLAN

For DRILLING Activities CONDUCTED AT THE
CONTINENTAL RESOURCES, INC. ATLANTA 1-6H
6-153N-101W, WiLtiAMs County, NorTH DAKOTA

1. INTRODUCTION

The purpose of this Contingency Plan is to outline the procedures that will be implemented by Cyclone
Drilling, Inc.’s Rig No. 20 personnel should a spill or flood occur during drilling activities conducted at the
Continental Resources, Inc. Atlanta 1-6H lease located in Section 6, 153N, 101W in Williams County,
North Dakota. Such procedures are designed to minimize the effects of spills and potential flooding on
Cyclone field personnel, Continental facilities, the surrounding community, and the environment in
general.

21

2.2

2.3

2. GENERAL INFORMATION

Equipment Description. Cyclone Drilling, Inc. operates drilling rigs that are moved from site to
site therefore, the exact equipment layout will vary slightly. The Atlanta 1-6H location
encompasses 3.1-acres and the standard equipment for most drilling jobs is as follows:

Mobile Rig (w/integrated fuel/oil storage tanks)

Storage Facilities

Mud Pumps (diesel-powered pumps w/integrated fuel storage tanks)
Generators (w/integrated fuel storage tanks)

Water Tanks

Pipe Racks

og0n0ogggd

Proximity of Rigs to Navigable Waters. According to 40 CFR 112.7(e)(6)(i), mobile drilling
equipment should be positioned or located so as to prevent spilled oil from reaching navigable
waters. Depending on the location, catch basins or diversion structures may be necessary to
intercept and contain fuel, crude oil, or oily drilling fluid spills.

The nearest potential receiving water for an oil spill is unnamed intermittent tributary of the
Missouri River located approximately 500-ft. south of the Atlanta 1-6 lease. A One-Mile Radius
Map indicating the location of Continental’s Atlanta 1-6H lease is included herein as Figure 1.

Cyclone personnel will locate Rig No. 20 and its associated equipment to best prevent a
potential release to waterways and provide drainage and containment, as discussed in Section
3.4 of this Plan. A Drilling Rig Layout Map is included herein as Figure 2.

Potential Spills and Releases. The spill prevention system includes visual inspections and
containment structures to help reduce the potential for releases to the off-site soil or surface
waters. Generally, minor spills or leaks within the work site will be contained by drip pans
located on skid-mounted equipment and cleaned-up using an absorbent (i.e., granular or pads).
A list of activities that represent the greatest potential for a release of oil to the environment is
as follows:

a Loading/unloading fuel, oil, and used oil to/from storage tanks and containers.
a Temporary storage of oil containers outside of secondary containment.

