Continental Resources, Inc. (CRI) respectfully submits the following information concerning the drilling
of the Atlanta 1, 2, 3. 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14 -- 6H, N/2 NW/4 See. 6, T153N, R1O1W,
Williams County, North Dakota.

The Atlanta well(s) are located in a Well Head Protection Area. CRI would like to propose the
following safeguards and precautions to be taken to prevent any contamination to freshwater sources
during the drilling and completion of the well.

1) During construction of the location, the entire location will be constructed per NDIC permit
stipulations, and to ensure any spills or runoff which occur on location do not penetrate the fresh
ground water and are contained on surface of the location.

2) Drainage will be re-routed to avoid the location and fiber rolls will be employed around the site
to reduce sediment contamination to freshwater runoff due to weather events.

3) The earthen berm constructed to keep any freshwater runoff off the location will also eliminate
any spills from leaving the location

4) No reserve pit or dry cuttings pit will be utilized on location.

5) The conductor will be drilled to a depth of 80’ and 20” pipe will be run to depth and cemented to
surface,

6) During drilling operations, a freshwater protection string of 13-3/8” 48% H40 casing will be set to
a depth of 500’ and cemented to surface to protect the shallow freshwater zones. Standard 9-
5/8” 36% J-55 surface casing will be set 100° into the Pierre Shale to a depth of 1970’ and
cemented to surface.

7) A frac string will be used to protect the intermediate casing during hydraulic fracturing of the
well.

8) CRI is submitting a comprehensive; site specific Spill Contingency Plan to prepare for any event
which may occur during drilling and completion operations.

9) CRI believes a Flood Prevention plan is not necessary for this site due to the Army Corps of
Engineers documentation that the high water level for Lake Sakakawea will not affect any
elevation 1855’ above sea level or higher. The finished rig grade elevation for Atlanta location
is 1959.6” above sea level.

10) The Atlanta wells will be drilled continuously. They will be batch drilled. The order of drilling
for all wells on the pad will be:

a. 1,2,3,4,
b. 11, 12, 13, 14,
ce Soda.

5,6, 7, 8.

CRI believes adequate planning and precautions are being taken to prevent any contamination to ground
water, shallow aquifers, and fresh water reservoirs.

A Ba. Zig

Chad Newby, Operations Land Coordinator
Continental Resources, Inc.

STATE OF OKLAHOMA )
ss:
COUNTY OF GARFIELD )

On the gs" day of June 2012, before me, a Notary Public in and for said County and State,

personally appeared Chad Newby, known to me to be the Operations Land Coordinator of Continental
Resources, Inc., the Corporation that executed the within instrument, and acknowledged to me that such

Corporation executed the same.

LOVE.
Notary Pyblic

Garfield County, Oklahoma

My Commission Expires: WIA G

Commission No.: YGOZZ

ein,
4,
's,

.
&
