CYCLONE DRILLING, INC. RIG No. 20

CONTINGENCY PLAN

For DRILLING ACTIVITIES CONDUCTED AT THE
CONTINENTAL RESOURCES, INC. ATLANTA 1-6H
6-153N-101W, WiLtiAMs County, NorTH DAKOTA

7.1

Continental’s Environmental Specialist will make immediate verbal notifications and prepare
and submit all required written spill reports.

Material Safety Data Sheets (MSDS) for the hazardous materials used at the work site are
maintained on-site in the "doghouse" and provide information on the chemical hazards at the
work site. Most releases will be minor and require only clean-up and disposal of small
quantities of material. However, in the event the assessment indicates that evacuation of local
areas may be advisable, they will immediately notify appropriate local authorities, as necessary.
Appropriate authorities may include local police and fire departments, hospitals, and state and
local emergency response teams, as identified in Table 1.

The Cyclone Drilling Foreman will immediately notify Continental’s Environmental Specialist who
will make initial verbal notifications to regulatory agencies and prepare written follow-up
reports, as required. In the event the release has impacted the environment, the Cyclone
Drilling Foreman and Continental’s Environmental Specialist will determine clean-up
requirements. In addition, the Cyclone Drilling Foreman and Environmental Specialist will
coordinate the appropriate disposal of waste material generated during the response activities.

7. SPILL NOTIFICATION REPORTING

Spill Notification and Reporting. Upon receiving spill information, the Emergency Coordinator
will notify Continental’s Environmental Specialist who will determine if the spill requires
notification and/or reporting to regulatory agencies, as outlined below:

7.1.1 North Dakota Industrial Commission (NDIC). According to the North Dakota Industrial
Commission’s (NDIC) General Rules and Regulations North Dakota Administrative Code
(NAC) Chapter 43-02-03 Section C. Drilling:

All persons controlling or operating any well, pipeline, receiving tank, storage tank, or
production facility into which oil, gas, or water is produced, received, stored, processed,
or through which oil, gas, or water is injected, piped, or transported, shall verbally notify
the director within 24-hrs. after discovery of any fire, leak, spill, blowout, or release of
fluid. If any such incident occurs or travels offsite of a facility, the persons, as named
above, responsible for proper notification shall within a reasonable time also notify the
surface owners upon whose land the incident occurred or traveled. Notification
requirements prescribed by this section do not apply to any leak, spill or release of fluid
that is less than 1-bbl total volume and remains onsite of a facility. The verbal
notification must be followed by a written report within 10-days after cleanup of the
incident, unless deemed unnecessary by the director.

7.1.2 National Response Center (NRC). Any discharge to water must be reported immediately
to the National Response Center. Therefore, the Cyclone Drilling Foreman must
immediately Continental’s Environmental Specialist with details regarding the spill so
that official notifications can be made to the National Response Center.

