i
=

LOWER_BAKKEN_SHALE:

PRONGHORN

THREE_FORKS:
THREE_FORKS_TARGET_TOP.

"HREE_FORKS_TARGET_BASE

=

Figure 9. CND type log gamma profile from the Lindvig 1-11HR used for target zone gamma character.

As the well bore moved from the top to the bottom of the preferred drilling zone gamma counts,
collected samples and gas were evaluated along with penetration rates to identify areas within the
11’ preferred drilling zone that yielded the best prospect potential (refer to Figure 10).

It should be noted that due to the west to east direction of the well-bore the survey and gamma
tools were positioned further back than normal. This positioning resulted in a delayed response
to the deflections of the well-bore and also resulted in a greater potential for dog-legs. Drilling in
the original well-bore was halted at 14,398’ MD, and a sidetrack was drilled beginning at
13,335’ MD as a result of severe dog-legs in the well-bore.

After beginning the lateral, Oasis representatives expressed a desire to remain in the upper
portion of the preferred drilling zone. Due to problems during completions associated with
hydraulic fracturing when the well-bore was positioned too close to the underlying claystone.

Drilling out of intermediate casing with the well-bore in the upper portion of the drilling zone,
gamma values ranged from 100 to 75 api. When moving down section, gamma counts ranged
from 50 to 60 api indicated that the well-bore had encountered a tight streak located in the
middle of the drilling zone. The well-bore deflected away from this tight streak many times
during the drilling of the Ash Federal 5300 11-18T. When in the top of the zone and moving
down onsite personnel adopted a strategy to avoid dog-legs. This policy was not to steer after the
gamma had dropped to between 50 and 60 api. Onsite staff would then monitor the well-bore and
make steering decisions based on the direction of the well-bore after it encountered the tight
streak. Gamma counts below the tight streak moving down would move first high to 90 to 100
api , then low to 30 to 80 api as the well-bore continued moving lower. If the well-bore entered
the underlying claystone gamma counts were recorded from 90 to 120 api. A new gamma tool
inserted towards the final portion of the lateral resulted in elevated gamma api values.
