After exiting intermediate casing the well-bore onsite personnel attempted to steer the well-bore
down to the low gamma portion of the drilling zone to attempt to establish dip. After multiple
encounters with tight streaks which moved the well-bore’s inclination above 90 degrees the
directional drillers were able to position the well-bore in the lower gamma area of the drilling
zone. At this point the target zone was revised to an 8 foot drilling zone located sixteen feet into
the Three Forks Formation. The revised plan was implemented to avoid deflections from
multiple tight streaks located high in formation, and to take advantage of the low gamma
primarily dolomitic facies which proved useful for steering decisions. Steering decisions from
this point were made by using the higher gamma, of the claystone, the low gamma located in the
middle to higher portion of the drilling zone, and the fluctuating high to medium gamma located
at the top of the drilling zone.

At 20,573’ MD while taking a check shot to determine the well-bore inclination, spiking
differential pressure shut down the pumps. It was determined that the well-bore had entered the
pronghorn formation at 20,530’ MD, which was causing the hole to pack off. Working the pipe
and pumping cleared the hole enough to take a survey at 20,573’ MD with a survey depth of
20,520’, which showed an inclination of 91.5°. A previous check shot at 20,535’ MD and a
survey depth of 20,482’ showed an inclination of 90.5°; a difference of 1° change in inclination
over 38’ while rotating. This illustrates one of the problems encountered in the later portion of
the lateral. Despite multiple down side slides, the well-bore showed a persistent tendency to
build rapidly on rotation. Onsite personnel at this time were plotting the formation inclination at
0.61° up, which had been recently revised from a 1.12° up dip. The data from the pronghorn
strike when plotted with previous data determined that the formation had unexpectedly rolled
over to a dip of 0.01. This unexpected dip change combined with the well-bores tendency to
build on rotation, and the difficulty in sliding, and obtaining effective slides all contributed to the
pronghorn strike.

Samples tended to contain a greater quantity of the tan to cream, rare off white dolomite where
gamma values were lower, and relatively a greater quantity of the blue green gray shale where
gamma values were higher. Samples from the claystone contained a dolomite mudstone, which
was gray, tan to cream, with a trace of light gray, and a trace of off white. It was very fine
crystalline, friable, dense, with an earthy texture. Minerals present were rare disseminated pyrite,
along with a trace of nodular pyrite. Also noted was possible intercrystalline porosity, and
common spotty light to medium brown oil stain. Also present in samples taken from the higher
gamma claystone facies was shale. This shale was a light gray green to light gray, pale green
with a trace off white. This shale was firm, subblocky, with an earthy texture, along with a trace
disseminated pyrite. No visible oil stain was noted in the observed shale. Where the low gamma
was encountered in the bottom of the target interval, thin layers of dolomite contained possible
fair to good intercrystalline porosity and common spotty light to medium brown oil staining.

The TD of 21,450’ MD was achieved at 1550 hours CDT on July 16, 2013. The well site team
worked well together maintaining the well bore in the desired target interval for 88% of the
lateral, opening 10,225’ of potentially productive reservoir rock. The hole was then circulated
and reamed for completion.
