CYCLONE DRILLING, INC. RIG No. 20

CONTINGENCY PLAN

For DRILLING Activities CONDUCTED AT THE
CONTINENTAL RESOURCES, INC. ATLANTA 1-6H
6-153N-101W, WiLtiAMs County, NorTH DAKOTA

5.5

5.6

discharges that may lead to, or cause a release of, oil from containment units or from the work
site.

Training. Cyclone personnel that are likely to respond to an incident are trained at least
annually in solid waste management, spill response procedures, and stormwater management
according to the procedures contained in this Plan. These employees are trained to perform ina
manner that emphasizes accident and pollution prevention in an effort to safeguard human
health and the environment.

The Cyclone Drilling Foreman is responsible for instructing appropriate personnel in the
operation and maintenance of spill response equipment as well as all applicable spill control
procedures. When employees are assigned to areas where oil spills may occur, it is required
that a review of this Contingency Plan be conducted during on-the-job training sessions.

Emergency Evacuation Plan. In the event the Cyclone Drilling Foreman determines that the
facility has experienced a release, fire, or explosion that could threaten human health, they will
notify the personnel concerned by verbally announcing an evacuation or using internal two-way
radios. All personnel in the immediate vicinity of the emergency will be required to leave the
area and report to his/her immediate supervisor at the designated evacuation assembly area.
The assembly area will be determined prior to beginning operations at a work site, but may
change based on wind direction during an actual emergency. The assembly area should be
upwind of the work site.

The Cyclone Drilling Foreman will account for all employees at the work site. In the event any

employees are missing, an immediate report will be made to the Safety Department. Good
judgment must be used in evacuation procedures to avoid placing people in greater danger.

6. EMERGENCY RESPONSE PROCEDURES

Emergency Response Procedures have been established for Cyclone’s work sites in the event of a spill.
All spills, major and minor, will be reported to the Cyclone Drilling Foreman and Continental’s
Environmental Specialist. The emergency response procedures are included in Appendix A. The
responsibilities of the First Responder, Cyclone Drilling Foreman, and Continental’s Environmental
Specialist are addressed in the following sections of this Plan.

6.1

6.2

First Responder. When a spill occurs, the employee observing the incident will immediately
notify the Cyclone Drilling Foreman and proceed to eliminate the spill source, if possible.

Emergency Coordinator Responsibilities. The Cyclone Drilling Foreman will (a) be responsible
for determining whether the release could reach navigable waters or threaten human health
and/or the environment; (b) assess the hazard, make immediate notifications, and implement
spill response procedures; (c) collect the necessary information for regulatory notifications and
reports; and (d) provide the reporting information to Continental’s Environmental Specialist.

