CYCLONE DRILLING, INC. RIG No. 20

CONTINGENCY PLAN

For DRILLING Activities CONDUCTED AT THE
CONTINENTAL RESOURCES, INC. ATLANTA 1-6H
6-153N-101W, WiLtiAMs County, NorTH DAKOTA

oa Visually inspect the diked areas around tanks to ensure that the water does not exhibit
an oily sheen and will not result in a harmful discharge.

oa Opening, closing, and locking the bypass valve under responsible supervision following
drainage activities.

oa Maintain adequate drainage operation records.

3.5 Bulk Storage Tanks. The bulk storage tanks are located within a trenched area where releases
drain into the well fluids pit. The well fluids pit will be sized to provide containment volume to
accommodate the largest tank within the containment area as well as sufficient volume for
stormwater accumulation and the volume required for well fluid storage. Bulk storage tanks at
sites that do not use pits are contained by an earthen containment dike constructed around the
tank.

Stormwater that collects within the trenched area flows into the well fluids pit. Stormwater that
collects within the earthen dike containment structures is inspected and if no free oil or oil
sheen is observed, Continental field personnel or their on-site representatives may pump the
water outside of the containment structure. In the event oil is observed in the stormwater
within the earthen dike containment structures, it is pumped into a temporary container or
storage tank for off-site disposal.

3.6 Truck Loading/Unloading Areas. Cyclone personnel will use spill containment booms to contain
a release from a truck during loading/unloading operations or hand shovels and containment
booms to direct the release to a containment trench or pit. Collected oil from such a release will
be pumped into a temporary container or storage tank for off-site disposal.

4. FLOOD CONTINGENCY

Floods can develop slowly during an extended period of rain, or in a warming trend following a heavy
snow. Others, such as flash floods, can occur quickly, even without any visible signs of rain. It's
important to be prepared for flooding when working in a low-lying area, near water or downstream
from adam. The Atlanta 1-6H lease is located approximately 500-ft. north of an unnamed intermittent
tributary of the Missouri River at an approximate elevation of 1,953-ft. above Mean Sea Level (MSL). A
Well Location Map reflecting the topography of the subject site is presented herein as Figure 3.

41 Flood Watch. A Flood Watch indicates flooding is possible. Tune in to NOAA Weather Radio,
commercial radio, or television for information regarding potential timing of flooding. Begin
preparing to move portable equipment and storage tanks to higher ground. Anchor equipment
and storage tanks that cannot be readily moved.

4.2 Flash Flood Watch. A Flash Flood Watch indicates flooding may occur without warning. Be
prepared to move personnel, equipment, and portable storage tanks to higher ground; listen to
NOAA Weather Radio, commercial radio, or television for information.

