5.0 SUMMARY AND CONCLUSION

Wade Federal 5300 41-30 4T is a East lateral Three Forks 1‘t Bench well located in SEC 30,
T153N, R100W in McKenzie County, North Dakota. The primary pay zone was 20’ under the
bottom of the Pronghorn member of the Bakken formation. This pay zone was picked for its
production potential and quality of reservoir rock. The objective was to steer the well within the
defined pay zone and within the legal requirements of the state.

The primary objective was to stay near the middle gamma markers which marks the inter
layering between limy sandstones and siltstones. Gamma patterns were compared with the offset
log and a TVD log was created while landing the curve to in order to land in the targeted zone.
Steering in the lateral was accomplished by calculating dip from relevant gamma markers, as
well as by using lithology, total gas and ROP to determine our position within the formation.

The formation had an average dip of 89.25°. Refer to Figure 4.1 on page 6 for a detailed
formation dip profile.

As Per Brendan Hargrove, Oasis Operations Geologist:

The well landed at 10791’ TVD, ~6’ into the Claystone. In the first few hundred feet of the
lateral, we continued down-section deeper into the Claystone as we attempted to get our INC up.
We re-entered the Three Forks at ~11600’ MD and slowly traversed up to the top of our target
window, near the “C” marker. The “C” marker had abundant pyrite, and the bit seemed to not
want to react to downslides from this position. We were getting good ROPs, though, so we
drilled ahead in the top of target for ~2000’. Around 15500’ MD, bed dips began shallowing out
as expected based on offset data, and we traversed down section, encountering the Claystone
again at ~17000’ MD. We drilled ~200’ of Claystone, then quickly rose back up into the top of
the target window again (“C” marker) and drilled ahead to TD. As mentioned above, we suffered
a motor failure late last night at 20193’ MD, ~400’ from our planned TD. The question of
whether it was worthwhile to trip and drill the remained of the lateral was discussed, and it was
determined that we would call TD slightly early.

Currently the well is awaiting completion.

Heather A. Coutts, well-site geologist
Columbine Logging, Inc.
602 S. Lipan St.
Denver, CO 80223

CO|UMBINE LOGGING
