CYCLONE DRILLING, INC. RIG No. 20

CONTINGENCY PLAN

For DRILLING Activities CONDUCTED AT THE
CONTINENTAL RESOURCES, INC. ATLANTA 1-6H
6-153N-101W, WiLtiAMs County, NorTH DAKOTA

3.1

3.2

3.3

3.4

oa Rigs that are operated without a fresh water or well fluids pit.

3. OIL/FUEL STORAGE

Oil, Fuel, and Used Oil Storage Tanks. The materials stored on-site are mainly used to operate
the drilling rig's generators and pumps and generally included the following:

Diesel Fuel
Engine Oil
Hydraulic Oil
Gear Oil
Used Oil

og0n0goggg

Container Storage. Multi-compartment storage containers are used to store hydraulic, motor
and gear oil in approximate 100- to 150-gal. capacities. These container is generally located
within the operating area near the accumulator valve skid. In lieu of such a multi-compartment
storage container, fresh oil may be stored in 55-gal. drums.

Used oil is stored in 55-gal. drums prior to contractor removal. Because of limited available
space within the rig's operating area, these drums are usually stored outside the operating area.
In this event, these drums will be placed in a spill containment pan or within an earthen berm.

Containers stored within the trenched operating area would be contained by drainage to the
well fluids pit. Containers used at sites that do not use pits are provided with earthen dike
containment or other containment (i.e., metal containment pan.) The containment volume for
containers located outside of the trenched operating area will be approximately 10% of the total
volume of all containers within the containment area.

Transfer Facilities. Fuel is transferred from bulk tanks into smaller day tanks located on the
drilling rig, pump skids, and generator skids. Most bulk fuel tanks are equipped with a fuel
pump attached to the skid. The fuel level in the day tanks is usually monitored until the tank is
full.

Personnel transfer fresh oil from bulk storage tanks or drums into smaller tanks located on the
drilling rig by filling 5-gal. buckets and manually filling the smaller tanks. Personnel transfer
used equipment oil into 55-gal. drums using 5-gal. buckets.

Cyclone personnel are present at all times during oil and diesel transfer operations to ensure
quick response in the event of a release. In addition, all pumps are securely grounded for static
electricity for safety and personnel protection purposes.

Drainage and Containment Facilities. The drains on containment systems will be closed and
sealed except during water drainage. Prior to draining water the following steps will be taken:

