Continental Resources, Inc. (CRI) respectfully submits the following information concerning the drilling
of the Columbus Federal 1-16H, 2-16H and 3-16H and the Tallahassee 2-16H and 3-16H, Sec. 16,
T153N, R101 W, Williams County, North Dakota.

CRI would like to propose the following safeguards and precautions to. be taken while drilling the
Columbus Federal-Tallahassee wells to prevent any contamination to freshwater sources during the
drilling and completion of the wells:

1) During construction of the location, the entire location will be constructed per NDIC permit
stipulations, ensuring any spills or runoff which occur on location do not penetrate the fresh
ground water and are contained on the surface of the location. These modifications include, but
are not limited to, the inclusion of a liner being placed under the location, and cementing of the
rathole and mousehole.

2) Drainage will be re-routed to avoid the location, and erosion controls will be employed, as
appropriate, around the site to reduce erosion and the resulting sediment contamination to
freshwater runoff due to weather events.

3) The earthen berm, constructed to keep any freshwater runoff off the location, will also eliminate
any spills from leaving the location

4) No reserve pit or dry cuttings pit will be utilized on location.

5) The conductor will be drilled to a depth of 80°, and 20” pipe will be run to depth and cemented
to surface.

6) During drilling operations, a freshwater protection string of 13-3/8" 48# H40 casing will be set to
a depth of 500’ and cemented to surface to protect the shallow freshwater zones, Standard 9-
5/8” 36# J-55 surface casing will be set 100’ into the Pierre Shale, to a depth of 1940’, and
cemented to surface.

7) A frac string will be used to protect the intermediate casing during hydraulic fracturing of the
well.

8) CRI is submitting a comprehensive rig specific Spill Prevention Containment and
Countermeasure Plan to prepare for any event which may occur during drilling and completion
operations. A spill trailer will be located on location for spill response, if necessary.

CRI believes adequate planning and precautions are being taken to prevent any contamination to ground
water and surface waters.

PS Eat ge

Sarah Madden, Project Development Engineer
Continental Resources, Inc.

STATE OF OKLAHOMA)
)ss:
COUNTY OF OKLAHOMA)

On the 7th _ day of March 2013, before me, a Notary Public in and for said County and State,
personally appeared Sarah Madden, known to me to be a Project Development Engineer of Continental
Resources, Inc., the Corporation that executed the within instrument, and acknowledged to me that such
Corporation executed the same.

ya) Lg AlAs

Notary Public

.
a

Oklahoma County, Oklahoma

#1006023
£
<=

xe YfeOk

2, Dr, Uppy
7 un Miedo EER
Commission No.: (“OU 2C23 “n® OF OWNS

.
TE ayy

Cn

My Commission Expires: “(/o/ 7c¥

“0,
